I seriously can't believe we reached the
end the parasite the maxilla never in a
million years I think that parasite was
going to end up being this great of a
series as great of a story and have
these great of characters and this great
development everything that it did I
honestly like this review I want to talk
not only just about this final episode
but also just how I feel about the
series in general
honestly parasite again I've said this
before and I'll say it again easily
gonna be in the top animes for a lot of
people this will probably be their top
anime in general because it was that
goddamn good the way it did the
character development the way portray
the characters and kind of really stuck
to the theme and a lot of the issues
that it was trying to tackle throughout
you know the entirety of the series and
even in the finale still tackled it yet
again with dealing with relationships
and understanding people and different
species a lot of different things that
are trying to do who the true monster
it's just really tackled all of that yet
again in the ending and one of the
things that I really liked about this
finale and I really appreciate it is
that it really was very intimate it was
really a very quiet and a very small
gathered thing and it's not like most
finales they always want to do it going
out with a big bang they grab everything
the final villain and all that and you
know teach his own tonight that's
awesome stuff but the fact that it tried
to take a different approach and it did
that in the last episode but then moreso
approach to finale as an epilogue and
well here's what happened a little bit
after the big Wars that they had and
what's been going on afterwards and one
final thing that happened and kind of
solidified the relationships now to be
honest at first I was a little bit like
what the fuck's going on when Mead you
basically said yo Dawg I'm leaving I'm
going to sleep and kind of it makes
sense in a way that he gathered all this
because all along he's pretty much been
like oh I can gather all this
information in this experience since I'm
not in his mind from Shinichi I'm
getting all this life experience and I'm
understanding different things or any
different things because he's
experiencing it with godo he had five
different lives five different parasites
all sorts of you know information and
it's like well I'm gonna sort through
this now and at the end of that I think
he gained enough of an understanding of
who Shinichi was and who she need she
wants to be the life that he wants to
live and everything that they've been
through that he's like I'm gonna give
him what he wants and he wants to be
normal you don't want to go through this
bullshit
I'm gonna respect that so the fact that
he did that and you could tell I mean he
cared about him just as much as she
needs she wanted to be with me me he
really cared about being with him too
and he was like thank you for everything
but I'm going away now it was very
unique honestly it was just a unique way
to do what some might say yeah it kind
of just came off out of nowhere but
honestly it was just like it's time to
say goodbye we've been through a lot but
I know you want to live a normal life
and sometimes you gotta sacrifice the
people you want to be around so that
they can be happy and that's once again
going all into his character development
that's how deep it is that his character
development brought him to this
conclusion that he wants to live normal
he needs to live normal and yeah at the
same time he does have his own purpose
that he wants to you know sort with all
this information and that's gonna mean
that he's gonna be asleep for a long
time but at the end of the day he was
really in my opinion Shinichi I'm gonna
give you a normal life back and even
though you lost so many people which by
the way that moment was just so
beautiful and got me so just in the
moment where you see everyone that she
meets had lost and again for a finale it
just took everything wrapped it together
and made it just really you know feel
like a true finale and then I've been
reading couple comments here they're
people saying the final villains gonna
be that pervert whatever I had no idea
though what he was gonna do and how it
was gonna be handled and the fact that
they humanized Shinichi for this finale
definitely suited it because if he had
like old niggy powers I would have just
been another slaughterfest so the fact
that Shinichi had to deal with this one
for the most part on his own was like
Shinichi everything that he's been
through up until now built him up for
this moment if this was episode 1
Shinichi he would have cried bag and
scream and Morano would have died but
this yet again took everything that he's
been through and made him realize what
he had to do and how he had to approach
the situation at same time it showed
character development tomorrow no one of
those fucking people that the fandom
hate she was like I'm not gonna be a
pussy no fuck you call the cops on this
piece of shit and that just exploded
right there were her own character was
it's like so much development and just
did it so well like this finale really
was intimate
it was very quiet it was very just
dangerous but enclosed in a small circle
and that was just something different
like you don't always need the big
baddie coming down in explosions and
everything to finish it
sometimes something like this something
emotional something taking everything in
one but doing it very small
and in a contained circle and that
creepy motherfucker while he was insane
ultimately there was some validity to
where he was going with it he was
basically questioning his own humanity
I'm stuck between human and parasite
what the fuck am I Who am I what is my
purpose so it was the ramblings of a
madman with a slight bit of sanity - and
a slight bit of validity to it but I
think that he was still fucking crazy
and I honestly just felt bad for the
whole situation because this was the
point as well where Morano had to
confess that she kind of knew something
was off for him and she knew that he's
not completely human but she any give a
fuck so again the way it was approached
it was like last episode honestly while
I was complaining about gödel not being
built up to be this final villain and
neither was this guy I think that it was
just more appropriate because it handled
some of the more ok when she Nietzsche
has to deal with real life now how was
he gonna handle it and I think that
that's where the showcase this is what
he's gonna do the motherfucker take a
knife to his arm because he's been
through at all him and Morano and just
meet you coming out one final time to
say I'm always gonna be there for you
dog don't worry I got you and helping
out to grab Morano honest I thought
Morano died and I was like really we're
gonna fucking Tokyo ghoul this bitch
right now and end in tragedy why are you
doing this to me right now
why but honestly some people are gonna
call it cliche you know happy ending
whatever I really don't give a fuck I
honestly would think that it would have
been a tragedy but everything that she
needs she lost in this one for me he not
to help him out just one final time and
say bro I'm gonna be there for you you
lost too much but he lost your mom you
lost everybody I'm there so the fact
that I'm like that I think that's what
the character she needs she deserved
with everything he's been through hell
he'd been through hell and to lose the
one last person and when he was down
there like everything the execution of
it all honestly this was an amazing
ending it was like you can argue you
don't like Marino that's fine that's
your own personal taste you can say that
is cliche you didn't like it being a
happy ending
this was a tragic character I've been
through fucking hell he deserves some
happiness the most fucked-up things has
happened to this guy give him an inch
all right guys so yeah I don't give a
fuck I'm giving this one like a nine and
a half to attend it just really felt
great almost perfect like the small
complaints would be like if you want to
complain about it you still really can't
say is less than great you really it
just took everything that the series
stand for and took every
that we've learned about these
characters and what they've been through
and brought it to the forefront and
showcase this is who they become like
this is how they came out of all the
hell and nightmare that they've been
through and honestly as a farewell to
parasite this was a fucking amazing
series will go down as one of the
greatest and madhouse they did it again
honestly madhouse from hunter hunter to
this hopefully one punch man is just as
good but either way thank you parasite
for bringing me 24 weeks of fucking
amazingness and quality writing I love
that let me know what you guys started
this finale how did you feel about it
did you enjoy the fact that it was very
intimate and at the same time I still
had some of that emotion and sadness to
it and brought all the character
development and showcase who these
characters are and your final thoughts
on parasites and Max and do you think
that it would be one of the Great's of
all time the soul half of this final
review / reaction of parasite thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed guys I know I
fucking had a blast talking about this
infinite world and as always people have
an awesome thing